[docs] Update release instructions (#1417)
mui/base-ui: scripts/README.md

### Prerequisites

1. You must be a member of the `@mui` org in npm to publish the release.
2. Set up your npm authToken by logging into npm (`npm login`) . This will save a token to `~/.npmrc` as a line that looks like this:
   ```text
   //registry.npmjs.org/:_authToken=npm_000000000000000000000000000000000000
   ```
3. Generate a GitHub Token at https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens/new and add it to your shell rc script (either `.bashrc` or `.zshrc`) as `GITHUB_TOKEN`.

> 

Reviewer: I checked `Contents` and `Deployments` when creating the PAT. Looking online it seemed necessary, but I didn't try to verify if not checking them also worked. This is the only part where I did some research as everything else was straightforward.

Author: I updated the instructions. Hopefully it's more clear now.

### Prepare

1. Generate the changelog with `pnpm release:changelog`
   The output must be prepended to the top level `CHANGELOG.md`
   `pnpm release:changelog --help` for more information. If your GitHub token is not in your env, pass it as `--githubToken <my-token>` to the above command.

2. Clean the generated changelog matching the format of https://github.com/mui/base-ui/releases. Include only changes to the public packages (ignore docs, core, and similar PRs).

> 3. Copy the clean changelog into `docs/src/app/(public)/(content)/react/overview/releases/page.mdx`. Remove the author handles from PRs (like "@michaldudak") and update links.

Author: This is currently cumbersome, but I plan to update the scripts to do it for us. When it's done, I'll update the instructions.

### Prerequisites

> 1. You must be a member of the `@mui` org in npm to publish the release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. You must be a member of the `@base-ui-components` org in npm to publish the release.
```

And we should update once we have @base-ui :)

Author: I did miss it, indeed. Will create a follow-up.
